added the new Variables.md file (#1264)
Codecademy/docs: content/go/concepts/Variables/Variables.md

---
Title: 'Variables'

> Description: 'Variables are used to store numbers, strings, true/false boolean states, or objects based on their type when declaring them.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Variables are used to store values of specific data types in memory for later use.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Variables'
  - 'Booleans'
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Integers'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/back-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> 
> ## Definition
> 
> Variables are used to store data such as numbers, strings, or Booleans in memory for later use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Variables** are used to store values with specific [data types](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/go/data-types) (e.g., numbers, strings, or booleans) in memory for later use.
```

## Difference From Constants 

> Unlike constants, when declaring a variable, its value can be reassigned later on but with restriction that the new value's data type is the same as the data type when initialized.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unlike constants, when declaring a variable, its value can be reassigned later on but with the restriction that the new value's data type is the same as the data type when initialized.
```

> ## Difference From Constants 
> 
> Unlike constants, when declaring a variable, its value can be reassigned later on but with the restriction that the new value's data type is the same as the data type when initialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Difference From Constants 

Unlike constants, the value of variables can be reassigned after declaration, but its data type must remain the same as it was when first initialized. For example, an `int` variable can start as 2 and be reassigned as 0 (another `int`), but it can't be reassigned as "Codecademy" (a `string`).
```

> 
> ### Pseudocode Example
> 
> This is acceptable
> 
> ```pseudo
> declare an int variable
> use it in a while loop
> reassign it to zero after
> ```
> 
> This will result in an error
> 
> ```pseudo
> declare an int variable
> use it in a while loop
> reassign it to "Codecademy" after
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Syntax

> ```go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

> var 'variable name' 'var type'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var name type
```

```

> Begin with the `var` keyword followed by the name of the variable and then the variable type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variable statements begin with the `var` keyword, followed by its `name`, and then the variable `type`.
```

> Variable names should:
> 
> - Begin with a letter. 
> - Must not contain special characters, only letters and digits.
> - Must not be a Go keyword. 
> - Names are case sensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variable names begin with a letter and are case-sensitive. They must not contain special characters, only letters and digits. They must also not be a reserved Go keyword such as `if` or `for`.
```

> Some of the basic types are:
> 
> - `int`
> - `bool`
> - `string`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

If we link to the existing entry on Go data types, this part wouldn't be necessary.

## Declaration 

> To declare a variable you have multiple ways with syntax similar to other programming languages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are multiple ways to declare a variable. The syntax is similar to other programming languages.
```

> ### Initializing After Declaring
> 
> This way is used if a group of variables is needed but will be assigned values later in the program.
> 
> #### Example
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Initializing After Declaring

This way is used if a group of variables is needed but will be assigned values later in the program:
```

> This way is used if a group of variables is needed but they will be assigned values later in the program.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This way is used if a group of variables is needed but will be assigned values later in the program.
```

> ```Go

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```go
```

var numbers int
var nameOfProgrammer string
numbers = 100
nameOfProgrammer = "Codecademy Learner"
```

> ### Initializing With Declaring
> 
> This way is used to assign values directly when defining a variable.
> 
> #### Example
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Initializing With Declaring

This way is used to assign values directly when defining a variable:
```

> ```Go

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```go
```

var state bool = true
var nameOfProgrammer string = "Codecademy Learner"
```

### Initializing Using Type Inference

> This way lets the compiler assign the type for the input without declaring it.
> 
> #### Example
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way lets the compiler assign the type for the input without declaring it:

```

> ```Go

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```go
```

var piNumber = 3.14
var myName = "Abdulrahman"
``` 

### Fast Initializing 

> This way skips almost all of the syntax and only needs the name of the variable followed by `:=`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way skips almost all of the syntax and only needs the name of the variable followed by `:=`:
```

> This way skips almost all the syntax and only needs the name of the variable followed by `:=`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This way skips almost all of the syntax and only needs the name of the variable followed by `:=`.
```

> ```Go

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```go
```

dontMove := false
```

### Multiple Variable Initializing

> This way is used to declare multiple variables on the same line. Variables are separated with a comma (',').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way is used to declare multiple variables on the same line. Variables are separated with a comma (`,`):
```

> This way used to declare more than one variable in the same line by separating them with commas `,`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This way is used to declare multiple variables on the same line. Variables are separated with a comma (',').
```

> ```Go

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```go
```

var numbers, name = 100, "Codecademy User"
user, activeState := "Abdulrahman", true
``` 

> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Too many trailing spaces.

---
Title: 'Variables'

> Description: 'Variables are used to store numbers, strings, true/false boolean states, or objects based on their type when declaring them'

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Description: 'Variables are used to store numbers, strings, true/false boolean states, or objects based on their type when declaring them.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Variables'
  - 'Booleans'
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Integers'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/back-end-engineer-career-path'
---

## Definition

> Variables are used to store user information like numbers, strings or true/false state to be used in the program later on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Variables are used to store data such as numbers, strings, or Booleans in memory for later use.
```

> ## Difference from constants 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Difference From Constants 
```

> Unlike constants, when declaring a variable, its value can be reassigned later on but with restriction to be similar to the data type when initialized.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Unlike constants, when declaring a variable, its value can be reassigned later on but with restriction that the new value's data type is the same as the data type when initialized.
```

> ### Example using pseudo

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Pseudocode Example
```

This is acceptable

```pseudo

> declaring an int variable 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
declare an int variable
```

use it in a while loop
reassign it to zero after
```

This will result in an error

```pseudo

> declaring an int variable 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
declare an int variable
```

use it in a while loop

> reassign it to "Codecaedmy" after

Reviewer 2: Is this supposed to be "Codecaedmy" or did you mean "Codecademy"?

```

> ## syntax explination

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Syntax
```

```Go
var 'variable name' 'var type'
```

> first begin with the `var` keyword followed by the name of the variable, and at the end the variable type, each of these are seperated by spaces.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Begin with the `var` keyword followed by the name of the variable, and at the end the variable type. Each of these are separated by spaces.
```

> ### variable names should:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Variable names should:
```

> - begin with a letter 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Begin with a letter. 
```

> - must not contain special characters (only letters and digits)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Must not contain special characters, only letters and digits.
```

> - must not be a GO keyword 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Must not be a Go keyword. 
```

> - names are case sensitive

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Names are case sensitive.
```

> ### some of the basic types are:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Some of the basic types are:
```

> - int

Reviewer 2: This line and the following two should be in backticks as they are Go keywords.

Example: `int`.

- bool
- string

## Declaration 

> To declare a variable you have multiple ways with syntax nearly similar to some programming languages.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To declare a variable you have multiple ways with syntax similar to other programming languages.
```

Reviewer 2: @SSwiniarski, I believe there should also be a comma after "variable".

"To declare a variable, you have multiple ways..."

> ### initilizing after declaring

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Initializing After Declaring
```

this way is used if a group of variables is needed but they will be assigned values later in the program

#### Example

```Go
var numbers int
var nameOfProgrammer string
...

> ...

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

numbers = 100
nameOfProgrammer = "Codecademy Learner"
```

### initilizing with declaring

this way is used to assign values directly when defining a variable

#### Example

```Go
var state bool = true
var nameOfProgrammer string = "Codecademy Learner"
```

### initilizing using type inference

this way let the compiler assign the type for the input without declaring it

#### Example

```Go
var piNumber = 3.14
var myName = "Abdulrahman"
``` 

### fast initilizing 

> this way skip almost all the syntax and only needs the name of the variable followed by ':='

Reviewer 2: @SSwiniarski, should this be "This way skips all *of* the syntax..."?

```Go
dontMove := false
```

> ### multiple variable initilizing

Reviewer 2: @SSwiniarski, shouldn't this be "Initializing Multiple Variables"?
